h1. III Aquarii

The project aims to provide a quite complete web app to manage small, medium or big quantities of git repositories. We want to include repository management, ssh keys management, repository browser, commits browser, diff display, tickets and milestones management.

Before starting this project we dissected Gitauth, to extract its very essence. We then decided to start from scratch on our own, tossing everything and starting from a clean slate. So it probably looks similar to GithAuth, or Gitosis, since these projects are pretty much the state-of-the-art.


h2. Icons

web icons (small ones) are from the Fugue Icons pack :

Copyright (C) 2010 Yusuke Kamiyamane. All rights reserved.
The icons are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution
3.0 license. <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/>


h2. Licence

This project is released under MIT Licence.

h2. Todo

A lot of things.


h2. 0.0.2

As of the first tag (0.0.2) it's usable. You need to check the aq_lib too.
It can manage ssh keys and repositories though. But just with that you can say good bye to gitosis. (well first we need to wait for some comments and tests). Yet you still need a git server to provide public read only access to your repositories.

h2. Long run

The long run is a bit more complex : the aim is to provide something similar to GitHub, with some other functionalities.

- Mostly no "social network" thing
- wiki
- bug tracking
- milestones and features tracking
- features / tasks assignment
- hugs
- git and hg support with automatic commit push between root repositories
- ... more

h2. Install

See the file 'GIT_CONFIG_PATHS' to understand first the path concept between the application and the Aquarii Shell.
You need to edit RAILS_ROOT/config/settings.yml

h2. Contact

Rhaamo : rhaamo -at- gruik -dot- at
